CVS-60551 Add OCR postprocessing to camera frames processing example (#819)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/east_ocr.md

## Accurracy
Please note that it is possible to swap the models included in DAG with your own to adjust pipeline accuracy for various scenarios and datasets.

## Images from camera

> You can also use examplary camera client with model server configured in this page. Refer to: [link](camera_example.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use exemplary camera client with model server configured in this page. Refer to: [camera client example](camera_example.md).
```
